Good afternoon. Today we are having a meeting of
bloggers. Andrii Popyk and St. Javelina.
Good afternoon, Mrs. Javelina. What is your name
,
Yulia? Yes, let's go, I'll turn to
Yulia.
Of course
you can.
I think that we have a series of meetings
with various Ukrainian bloggers.
We usually all
chat with our enemies and the
Russians in chat roulettes. We try to reprogram them and
show
our audiences what the hell is going on there.
And this is the first question I ask
my colleagues. And how did you come?  in chat
roulette,
everyone asks me this question with whom I have not
communicated, my story is very similar,
it is long, but in short I
thought about what to do and decided to try it, and
so I went. It has been the third month of
chat T to communicate with people live there in
live broadcasts for three months
What goal did you set for yourself? I
'll tell you after that what I set. And what did
you set for that  to go to chat
roulette,
I thought that I was like that, I'll come in now, when I
tell them, they'll listen to me and say And
dad, what a bad Vova, something needs to be
done. The first people I came across were young
guys.
until then I
had a long conversation for about an hour and a half.
Well, I wasn't very well versed
yet, but I more or less know history from my life,
well, remember from school and I understand a little bit,
and for an hour and a half we talked with
one man about the
Budapest  memorandum and about the
Minsk ones agreed yes And how
they like it and according to the story for
one and a half hours I thought I was going crazy
Well, it was the first time for me It was very difficult
but I couldn't stand anything I realized that I
'm not afraid of anything anymore if I'm honest  if
I can stand him for an hour and a half, then I
can stand him for more. Well,
that's it. Well, I don't know, by the
way, I've never met him again in Chat Roulette,
because of the many meetings with whom I
talked there in the month of May  I visited in June,
I remember them visually, I don't remember
self-development, I remember that we already
talked to him, I don't
know, I don't know, maybe he didn't want to
come in anymore, after that he deleted himself from the Roulette chat,
even the mouth could be me The point is  What
did I know about chatroulette? But somehow I was
so skeptical. Well, damn, what is the point of
chatting with chatroulette?
But when this full-scale
invasion began, I first started
making such streams for Ukrainians on Facebook.
I was explaining some news topics, I
was explaining some political situation,
and I started entering roulette in
order to
show our Ukrainians how these Russians
perceive this, how wild it is,
then I went to YouTube, people, too
Come on, why are you sitting there on Facebook,
streaming the best on YouTube And so  I became a
YouTuber. Yes, but regarding roulette, I realized
that it is actually a
huge, huge
tool. First of all, many people write that
you can write to yourself in the comments that you are
talking to him and you will not prove anything to him. Yes,
but I think that we are proving not to those with
whom we are talking now, but to those who will
watch.
with the help of a person,
we create some kind of propaganda
material that conveys the right things,
and here, uh, I have something that many people
write even from Russia. What, thank you, Andrey
watched your video, understood the situation there, uh,
in Donbas, how did the conflict start
что  not the way it is
presented to us, but there is something that people also
wrote there that the damn thing
was really clairvoyant, I had it, and even during
the conversation there were few situations, but there
were situations when a
person
thought about it and
said maybe you didn't finish correctly, the
conversation didn't end as
usual  the fact that they send three letters
and do not spill Yes, so it happened that they
wrote and 50% of
Russians from my entire audience watch me, it is growing
if a couple of days ago there was  at 43% Now I
already watched 50% last night.
Well, I think they don’t just look at me like that, it
means something. Something,
they find something, and they
look, for sure, not only those who are
there for the war, there for Putin and so on, and
maybe those who
want to know something and so on
usually look there for something  their own, what is
included in their picture,
all because they will make me anti-advertising all the time,
they don't like me very much, in
general, they can't stand me,
all the bloggers, how they see me, they are
ready to tear me apart, I don't know which one, of
course, why is it that they have such a reaction to
me  Well, somewhere I must have influenced them a
little that I create such a competition for them
that
Well, I say to speak from the facts What is it
just to hang around there and send each
other So they do
this kind of anti-advertising to me all the time, they try to
involve me in me at all I don't
care  I believe that anti-advertising is also advertising
and of course Russians find out about me about
my channel and come subscribe and
watch me first and I had the same thing
.
I didn't know how he reacted to it  But then
I realized that this information war is what we
are doing so that not only Ukrainians will look at us,
but also Russians from other countries will also see it,
and maybe something will come to them somewhere.
So I understood what it means that I do everything
that's right, I should continue. And that's what
many people wrote.
50% of my audience is
Ukrainians,
78% are Ukrainians.  Well, there it will be 80-75, it will fluctuate
up to 10% Russia, and the rest are various other
countries. I understand that there are a lot of
Ukrainians who simply left for
European countries and so on, and that is why I have a very
large share of other countries, although some people
look there.  people from Kazakhstan, Kazakhs,
there are people from Lithuania, Latvia, people write that
they are local there, but they watch because
they also like it, that is, in fact, in fact. That’s how
I watch monthly video views.
There, I have 3.5 million views per
month. If you watch,
even if 10  % it was watched by Russians,
yes, it is
350-360 thousand
people, these views are yes, that
is, we influenced some people, it is the same thing that once a
person watches, it means something, it does not
matter because many people say that
nothing reaches them, it happens
that way  when it comes to teaching a child this, too, it’s
not one day, you won’t tell him the seventh
hand, and because bacteria and everything, he’s my shorter
hands, yes. That is, a period passes like
this, that is, we received the information, we
received it somewhere, she digested it  las and then
she will
say that this
is realized in the head, so I think that
you also noticed, in your opinion, how
the trend changed from spring to now,
but I see that the flowers of
March were so stubborn, everyone
said everything for 2-3 weeks, in short, we are there, that's all
Let's take it, I'm already running away to Poland, but
now it's gone, now somewhere, all these
rioters looked around, I didn't notice this. Well, I'll
say that I don't know, maybe I'm so lucky. Well,
that's what I mean, but in my opinion,
I've become more able to persevere. If
earlier,
if  take streams Yes, for example, when
I started at the end of July and
August, I had more
people with whom I could argue with the facts, that is,
he is something to me Well, I am something to him, that is
, yes, there is such a battle.
Tell me, now I have this
kind of thing.
I can see that it is stubborn to the point of horror. Well, there
is no point in talking to him about it, because
there are a lot of such people there, and well,
they just need to
have fun, so that people there have fun, people are cool,
people, too.  spend their free time there in this
way, and I will say
that I have much more of such people,
namely, those.
2-3 weeks. Yes, they are
over in principle. Well, there are those who are
screaming. Well, what are
you waiting for
?
Wait a little more. A little more.  I understood
yes. The point is that they are and when
you say Well, look, you received it near Kiev,
there under the sum of Kharkov, or a leg today, it was
changed now, but a couple of days ago, I
said that now under Kherson it will be
received, no, no, but it is even shorter in their eyes
there was such a topic that, uh, this one,
now, they changed this General from Uranus,
yes, in short, General Magedon, now he’s
shorter than you, he’ll blow you away, shorter, that I
never seem to Kherson, you know, it’s to
lead the army and get thick with such a slob
Such o  t driver Damn, I only
watched it once yesterday, I was still laughing, it’s theirs, they’re all like that, that’s it, that’s
it, the
previous general, they were wrong, that’s it,
this general, he’s going
to do it, yes.
ask for Kherson, guys,
tell me what's going
on, you have moments like that when you just
want to laugh when you're talking to the interlocutor
, and he's carrying some kind of kid, and
so are you.  before,
at least there was some kind of dialogue, but now
there is no one to conduct that dialogue with,
really, they just stick together and
show
others how bad they are, because Well, for
example, I come across such stubborn people that I
every time
I think that nothing surprises me anymore, but
everyone  I am even more surprised that
such a thing can happen. And this happens
because until February 24, I am generally
Russian. Well, Russian Russians, that is, this is the tribe
behind me.  the gals did not disturb in any way, well, in
terms of the residents of the Russian Federation themselves, I
mean, that is, I was not interested in
how they live or how they live, I was not
interested in their life, but after
February 24,
things changed here, everything
changed radically, and I began to study a lot
information about their dishonesty. Well, that
's what I call it and I'll call it that, how
do they live, what are their salaries, what are
their roads, how much gas do they have,
how much sewerage?
Not a
great rich
country. And we are like niches, and Ukraine is like this for,
well, how do they express themselves, the anthem, yes,
I apologize for the impression. Well, it was so wrong,
they said to me, it really surprised me that you
don’t have the right, as they say,
and I began to study and study this  their separation,
what are they there, these numbers are written
like videos, photos, see how
they really are,
and I use it very often, even on
streams, when especially they
start rubbing it on me, what about  a big
rich country, then I tell them how they
swim in the literal sense of the word in [ __ ] in
some republics and cities and Russia. Yes
, that and how much gas is spent
in them.
And you went here and there, we will
destroy you. That is, we are to blame for the fact that
they live in the anthem. Well, honestly,
you can ask some funny situations,
stories from your chat roulettes.
I rarely remember because I
sit
for 4 to 5 hours every day
and it is very difficult for me to remember everyone, it
even happens that I and the interlocutor are
not filled in, well, at all.
I won't remember that I talked to him anymore.
Even this happens.
Well, the last thing I remember is that I was
surprised. I don't know. Well, I haven't heard
anything like that. Jews rule everything.
Putin is ruled by Jews, and Jews and Jews
gave me. Well, I  I haven't heard this yet, the Jews gave
an order to Putin to attack Ukraine,
that is, I heard all the time that America is to blame for us,
so America is also under Julius in
this scheme, you understand, yes, well, it's just
about America, I don't remember, it seems
Aqua  There was no talk of America. It was about the
Jews there, that is, that it is all Jews, which means that the
Jews rule the world and Putin follows the
orders of the Jews, well, the
Russians, these are the theories of the Zahorodo. It’s simple.
In short, they diverge
so that they give out and only direct them
to a certain conversation, and tell me what it is,
for example, yes, I  here's what I noticed, I
really like it, I'll call them the USSR, it's the
ones who sit and start there,
in short, he's sitting in a hole like this and telling what
happened during the USSR, and that's where you
guys are, in short, well, who prevents you from
doing in Russia  that USSR, you are so
correct, it is rich, short, powerful,
like Russia, and it shows what the USSR is
like, that is, it’s a bunch of people, it’s a bunch of idiots, damn it.
So,
this USSR is one of my favorite
characters, like, I also really like
them  It's one thing to communicate with people. It's one thing when
you have a shorter guy. What the hell is
the USSR like? He saw a guy in his mother's
womb and he'll tell you how shorter he was in the USSR.
Well, I understand what you're talking about.
that's it, but they are my units.
I very often come across grandfathers
like that. Well, grandfathers themselves. Oh, and I love
them so much, I don't know, I get something. They're
such a thrill when they talk to them, when
they also rub them, I always rub them in. Well, I'm a
troll.  I'm not trolling, but I'm driving you
crazy to the point of a heart attack. Stalin already
worked for the Nazis. I
blame Stalin for the start of the Second World War. That's
all. It's just two sentences. It's just
like that. Babakh wanted it
right away. It's just a gesture
.
he's foaming at the mouth, he's having a heart
attack, I've had those too, where there are a couple of grandfathers
like that, you talk, talk and talk again, and it's
all shorter, it starts like an explosion, like And
you, oh, right below, you know, there's such a
dinner, in short, here we are, you  Well, the Ukrainians have
decided to be independent,
like we laughed. In short, he sits and
especially
amuses these all kinds of freaks in some
Siberia Tom with glass,
some Mukhasran somewhere.
this Mukhasransky didn't even travel around Russia, but
they were in Moscow, it wasn't
easy, he just didn't have to be there in other
countries, he was in the capital of his country,
for example, Ukraine is
more or less compact. So in our country, if people
were in Kyiv, even who in  In other
regions, it’s no problem. I got on the
train in the evening and you, well, in the morning. You’re in Kyiv.
That’s how people get there. They
’ve never been to Moscow in their life.
Many people live because they have a
salary. But since I,
well, in my time before the war, I visited a lot of places,
let's say, around the countries and
traveled, and my life was like that,
let's say, it's not necessary, so I know how
to  Gali It's good to live and when I
come across This is what we start sitting with
tattered wallpaper there and without a toilet in the
apartment, he starts to rub it to me that
they are so big And we are here below and
so on Well, I start them And where have you been And
what is it like there  мне это не нужна да не начение мне это не не нужна
But I'm also
starting to humiliate them, I'm trying to convince them,
I'm mainly talking to them, my
interlocutors are men,
99% of me are men who are trying to show something about themselves,
and um, a girl, yes  yes,
it is very easy to humiliate a man, in fact,
they are like small children, and I am just me,
I immediately hit the patient.
Well, it depends on the interlocutor and it
depends on what kind of conversation
we can get to the personal relationship,
what was wrong with them. I also have that. How did
they tell me that I am a psychologist, a
sexologist with a psychologist that I just did not
put in what topic when there is a
stuffed animal sitting with so  Well, damn, the teeth are visible
shorter than that. Well, they are not well-groomed at all.
Yes. And he tells that everything is bad in the west,
rotting. This is me already when, if I'm
fine, I usually try not to
jerk like that, but if I see a person
nearby, that is. And what are you here? What's the
problem?  you have teeth in Russia and
90% of those who have bad teeth, in short,
it’s normal for me, I don’t want to be there alone.
you sit with
rotten teeth like that Yes, and I troll them
about the fact that they are sanctions against the
dentist
and they justify themselves, well, where the majority
agree here and there and switch,
well, the majority So I don’t need it
and so on and normal teeth I bite
and here with  people who are from Russia, but they are not
Russian, you usually come across
a lot of people from Dagestan,
and mostly there are probably a
lot of Dagestans, but to me, if they are more
adequate, you come across
a lot of Chechens.
I also divide them
into Kadyrovkas.
so that everyone I don't
send everyone in a row here, I'm also a normal
person and I'm not sitting here in order to
send everyone, but that's what the
majority is. Well, I don't know. It seems that I often
go to Kazakhstan every day.
Now  I'm at the beginning of the stream, for the first time, where am I
going to Kazakhstan? I have a lot of these
questions, like I found a video where
Fedorov talked about the land of Kazakhstan that
should be taken away. Well, I show it to them and
ask their opinion. And if Russia
attacks there, who will you go for?  Well, I don't
make them answer for Russia there, yes,
they answer for themselves, because the
majority of respondents are there, and where for Russia, and
they already find zlotys there, yes,
Kazakhs are generally handsome, yes, in Russian,
Cossacks are shorter. Well done. Alga Ka  zakhstan and
that's all. Yes, when they watch the episodes, when the Kazakhs tighten their lids. Who
else but
me say I don't know what you don't know?
there are actually a lot of
Ukrainians there because we have Ukrainians Well,
but Russians, they need Russia,
they all want to go to Russia, but not for them to
go to Russia, for Russia to come to
them, this is a Russian bridge like this If you
knew me, by the way, there are many Dagestanis
it also came across and you said Dasha, the
main ones are adequate, I only came across one roof, the
grandfather was inadequate, some kind of
scoop, he was like that, and the rest were all
normal, they came across a lot of
Assetyns, well, Assetyns came across, but the
City is not for the war, but I did not see all those on
which Well, let's say  I would be against the war, yes,
who would tell the Dagestanis, yes,
or they
support it, well, how is it? Well, it is not
active, yes, or they
were against this war, but ICTV does not
support it.  al Well, they have a
specific better situation in the Caucasus,
they also succeed against the Georgians. But the
Buryats were there in the spring. The Buryats
came across. And now they are gone somewhere.
They go to
me once or twice. The Buryats came across
everything during the entire time that I have been sitting since May
in the roulette chat somewhere Well,
I probably posted one twice
who shouted to me that the Buryats
would come and rape me, and one of them was
a man with adults, but
I don't really remember there anymore. The
conversation wasn't about anything like that. Well,
more or less adequately  but it’s not about anything
And yes, I don’t, either, for some reason, because I’m
thinking of them, or those berets have already run out,
so Are they just climbing into the roulette, because they were in the roulette
in the spring,
in the summer, at the beginning, they were also full somewhere,
everything was gone now The storm is in the roulette, yes,
or they are all  they fled to Mongolia and
are sitting on the lamppost, but they went somewhere in the
forests, so we will already be, and here I
am watching who is more stubborn,
Moscow or the regions, the
regions and something, those who
live the poorest of all  I looked at what
it would seem like you live in your ass, you have a state there,
you say that there is a lot of
oil, gas, gold, diamonds. Well, you see for yourself
that there is chemistry around you and you ask
questions that are not your own, in short,
one thing will be understood by a person who has
lived in such conditions without seeing at all
how to live in a different way, she will think
that it is necessary and she will live the
way she lives and will think that it is Well, what
she lives is cool And even if she is put
into those conditions, such as there We live
well, like the conditions are better, she will not understand
this, because this generation lived all its life
in the conditions they
live in, that's why they think they are
great, not seeing at all how people can
live differently.
Well, here
she is, in principle, if a person
lived conditionally there without sewage
this is a wooden point like that on the street,
she hasn't seen it. Let's say the same, we don't
see any technological things that
will be there in a generation, for example,
in 10 years, so here is a person who has
never seen a smartphone there  Yes, she used to
live with our parents without smartphones.
Everything is fine now, if we look at it now.
Yes, now a person without a smartphone.
That’s all
in short. No one but one. I had two, and I think I still
need one because it’s not enough. Well, like,
well, communication.  there, for example,
there are workers there from personal, there is still needed for something
like a laptop if you
work there and for work it is for that
i.e. such a plan.
I will write a short story, I will tell what
happened in the Kyiv region, this was
told to me by a woman who was present when
the Kyiv region was occupied, she
told me how the Buryats did it, but
the toilet seems to be Yes, here you are,
Well, it's comfortable. We all know that it's
cool and it's respect for who they are  came up with a
type of what the Buryats did, they
didn't even know how to use it, they took a
bowl,
put it in the toilet, did their
chores, took the bowl and went outside to
howl  they had such a plan, that's how far they
promised, how far they will be.
And this is already some kind of civilization, that is, he
knows that you have to [ __ ] in a bowl and go away,
so that's not what the savages promised.
it's a different civilization, roughly speaking, I know
that, I know a lot of things from my life
there. Yes, how people can live there and
so on. I don't know. And for example, a cable
to the Internet, well, what do we have there? Yes,
for example, there is will and technology, they are already
there  cable Well, if he takes it,
cuts it, they ask him why are you doing
it, he says, well, I'll do it at home, the
Internet was like a
small transport, well, you know, it's such a
grasping reflex, like, I see, I see,
you know, as if this one is a looter.
how did these washing machines
become, you know, such as this brand, Russian
version, in short, a washing machine and a black package, yes, oh,
and you were wondering what you would do in
terms of a blog after the Ukrainian Victory,
and after the victory of Ukraine, I  with this
one hundred percent they will be trolled until they
reach white fever, I
will take revenge in places as terrible as it will be,
that is, the information war will not
end. I just don’t know, it seems to
me that they will all delete themselves in the
roulette chat, but still some stubbornness
and it will not be without  This And I
'll just be their nose Then you're even more into their
own anthem, which they themselves Let's say so muddled
So and then I don't know What's next I don't know I'm
on my own I never thought that I
'd be some blogger there that
someone would be me  will look there to learn and so
on, well, I never aspired to this,
I had a different life at all,
so I didn’t think about it, I am not making any plans now,
I have already made them, thanks to the
photos, which completely broke them for me,
that is why I am now living the day that
rather without The war is over because it would rather
be over without it so that we already
rebuild our Ukraine Yes that our people
return We at least started to
live no longer in a state of war but that we
already somehow started to live at
least  Sooner or later, it will be seen that I
will not disappear. I just believe that
after the Victory in this war, when
Ukraine will leave the border in 1991,
it will not end like this, because our
goal should be the collapse of the Russian
Federation, if the Russian Federation
remains within the same limits as it is now, this
monster will be reborn like this. That is, it is like this
one, some evil character is reborn,
and it must be developed, let’s say
, there were smaller independent
states of those same ones there, Dagestan. To
Who there is the value of Kumas who
were independent there to be independent Bashkirs
the Buryat Tatars, and from Russia, they made a buffer zone
near Ukraine, so it seems to me
that after the war, after the victory, because
the war will actually be this one. We have been at war for
300 years already with them, so
there will still be unfinished business, so what about
this if you look at it from this point of view  to say so, I
completely agree with you because
Well, I say it will be seen if it is
all still relevant, will there be someone to talk to in
Chat Roulette if they do not disagree, I
damn, yes, we are all no longer afraid
to go out at all, then of course it
will be possible to continue because, for example, I get a
kick out of talking to them,
because I can poke my nose in
something, and somewhere I can humiliate so much that
it will be like his  to call his
parents there and so on, that is, it will be
humiliated to walk. At least with this I can somehow
show that we Ukrainians are strong in any
case and we crush them like in
some kind of forest, so if this is all
relevant, if this is all, then of course
I will  continue And speaking
simply, will I introduce something else there in the plan of the
blog, it is unlikely, I am not a creative
person, this is not about me Well,
finally, you say a wish to the
audience, I will say a wish to the
audience,
I think we will
continue this broadcast without any problems  we don't have it like
now, I'm just looking at what we've been talking about for half an hour
, can you come on, do you
have any questions, did you have any
questions about there, what can
someone there do for you? Thank you, yes, for the refi.
m cases that you
were threatened And well, in the comments, we will find a constant
burning sensation. In short, everything will come with
ceramics. In short, I will say this,
the fact is that I, uh,
did not just appear. So yesterday
, in the late 80s, my father was in the People's Rus of
Ukraine  they fought for independence
then, this situation is specific to them,
now we are calm, we express
our opinion there, I was still there when I was
little, how long was I there in 1981, that is, I
also went to marches for Ukraine from the age of seven to 10,
these Rukhiv people
I remember all this, then my dad was a
defender, I got out of this
two-wheeler, in short, that is, so many times. How many times
?  in short, something for money
that the Russian army will come, well, you know,
somehow I already have immunity to such a thing,
that is, if there in my childhood I remember
my father's car was burned down, so if this is me,
that is, I have a father like him, he was
also against it  his system and the type of
Yanukovych, he was killed
in the city in 2013, in short, or he was cornered, in short,
he was against it. Well, in short, he
investigated very serious types of these cases.
That's why, in principle, when some chudila, in short,
somewhere there
from the inspection, something tells me, you know, well, it's
stupid in comparison  so what kind of threats
could you receive here? All the more,
for example, I go to YouTube and Facebook a
lot and I raised local issues about the deputies there,
well, let's say the level of
threats,
reports. It seems funny to me that much
more could have flown here from a
local, for example, some kind of vehicle there  so it's
shorter than from there, so you know this question, well,
damn, it's
even funny. But I found a way
to catch up with these weirdos over there in
Russia, hand in hand with the Russian authorities,
so soon I will have a compilation about it.
it turned out
according to my experience that
my contacts of my mother and my child were found in me,
very often
accounts are made on YouTube of a small type with
such appeals Mother I
I saw how the children of Donbass were killed. It is possible that I will go to
them.
Well, they are trying to provoke
me. Maybe I got scared and left this
case. I was like, Oh, that’s it. Well, they
’re praising me. Well, they attacked me for the same
thing.  that the parents of none
of me hate this war, yes,
that is, you have to understand that there is a war going on, and this is
also an element of war, and yes. For example, if
you have such a large audience, yes, even
more if a large part of them is of all of them, you are
again an information threat for them,
yes.  it is absolutely necessary to understand that you are of some
category, they will try to
counteract it somehow, if it is, that is, if
if you are afraid of it, then yes, then you should not
get out. Yes, it is the same if you are there a
little more, you do not do it, well, it is
your choice. Well, but  if you realize Well,
that's all. What's the difference, yes, that is, if you
also thought that if a person is not afraid
to sit in a trench somewhere so that he will fly in. What is there
to be afraid of here, that someone is better on the
Internet, something there, it's some kids like that
if you need it, the only thing you don't need is to
take care of yourself psychologically, because
when you start thinking about all kinds of things there,
it takes time and
some energy, tactics. Oh, and you're generally
a jerk.
in the comments, there is a butt in the ass that has
changed, there is a last name. In short, well,
you know how it is in the first grade. They
were teasing each other there.
Andriy Verbiv drank a jar of snot
.
the field is there and they start, well, you look at it, and
what is it like, the hotel changed its name there,
and I say, Now I’m going to cry there or
something.  and they think that this is
right.
Yes, I understand well, but in general, did you
collaborate with anyone else besides there?
Well, I know you communicate with flowers, yes,
you had such an affair with me. Let's say a
mini-interview, and that's it.  in general, are
you planning to be with someone else? the word
collaboration is a little shorter, it sounds bad,
very collaborative, not at all. Well,
collaboration is essentially like the collaboration of a
laboratory, because work in Latin is a laboratory,
like that, from here, a laboratory, like a
place for work, and that's why collaboration -  This is
Ukrainian cooperation. Yes, but it’s just that
collaborations, collaborators, yes, if it was a
little bit, yes, yes, they
understood that. Look, I’m in general, for
example, from Ukrainian bloggers,
roulette players, yes, that’s it. He
talked with boxing, I wrote to him then, I wrote to
him with flowers.
just a little bit of time. You know that
sitting for 4 hours a day playing roulette is certainly a waste of time.
Yes, I am. The fact is that
I will
hire a programmer.  day I certainly can't yes
That is, I allocate not every day first of all
yes and a certain amount of time for this
roulette yes That
is why it was not a collaboration yes That is, it is not
something that  and
just so that I didn’t get out of the way, I
posted a section with this guy in one
Russian, and I told him that look,
you will end up there if you go to Zolkin Otak, and
I say look at this channel where they interrogate, well, they
interrogate prisoners, if you get there,
you will beat me  invited me and called me a vid
from the ass to the gold, I don’t watch
it. In short, a lot of people write something there, he’s widespread,
and hey. In short, I remember because I’m
against the series, too, and he did all kinds of investigations at
that time
. By the way, Shariy personally threatened
me in my life.  in
such a context, if they went with him, there would be an
information war going on because of my
ex-husband,
he didn't like him very much, they are personally
acquainted there, in general, they are enemies,
so that's a trend, so I slipped up there a little somewhere,
too, you know, he mentioned me personally
there and in his telegrams and
it goes shorter Now I told them that you are a
man, we will dance for a shorter time at
your funeral, yes,
damn, my thoughts flew away, I heard
myself, I jumped  Oh, and the [ __ ] didn’t talk.
Oh, and I’m like, Damn, I went to the
Dozor channel and watched. He recorded a video
about these scumbags who are
incriminating him and says that now I’m
allocating a couple of days to
give comments to any snake, I don’t
no matter what I took, I went to the description, wrote an email,
signed his assistants, agreed on everything, had a
better time, did the interview, so because
many people think, Damn, how
short is it?
everything is simple in life like
You, if you want something, you take it and do it like
yes yes no no and that's all So what if By the
way yes If someone wants to chat with me
there are Ukrainians there are
bloggers and everything look don't be shy You don't
have a lot of followers there yes  for example,
I also once had few subscribers,
write, let's talk like if you are
an interesting person. You are an interesting interlocutor
without problems.
I would like to add to this what
I need to learn because you have
such a
thing called naglos  those so as not to be afraid. Don't be shy
because I am too. There are many people I want to chat with there, for example
, to have some
kind of meeting. Yes, there
are even those who have even fewer
followers than I do, if you
look at it. Yes, for example, but I'm still
shy.  for example, it is the first time to
propose there, I don’t know why And I have
to be so bold. That
is, in life in general. Well, let’s say there are such people. Even
if we are just such people who
do this, there are people who want. And there are people
who want to want. You know.
from the category of those who
want to like those who want, and from the
category of those who want to those who do so,
that is, in fact, there are a lot of us, we often
think, damn it, I will write shorter there, and they will
leave me because it is shorter there, or they have
more subscribers there, or it is serious there
Actually, we don't know journalists like that.
Well, because we wrote to someone, nothing
bad is happening. Well, it's not that you're
there, you're losing a million hryvnias,
for example. Well, that's it.  mo and in life Yes, a
lot of people, something happens not
because they are a super genius there, but because they
take and do so as if to someone. By the
way, who wants to get in touch with Mrs.
Saint Javlina somehow, Yulia,
yes, too, write her if she is
shy  yes, to offer you the
first offer, especially those men,
yes, offer the first to record, as it were, a video
collaboration, in fact, we must this
Ukrainian blesser, who is currently standing
on such a front of the information war,
move in this way in order to
help float
on the
information waves and gather
attention to herself  that we carry the right
things, the right thoughts, both in Ukraine
and outside of Ukraine, which is very, very important
because we think a lot and we don't
need to communicate with the Russians, we need to
fence them off with a wall No, because if
there is a wall behind this rot will develop
Yes, she will climb up and demolish the wall there
10-20 years ago, we must influence them
here and now.
Yes, I completely agree. And what else did I want in
m  There is no such question.
More like a question and your opinion.
First of all, I want to start to hear
your opinion. What do you think about the fact that
there are a lot of
young bloggers now? And what do you think
about young bloggers in general and do you think
that this is right?  that there should be
as many of us as possible in this information
space, what is a young blogger, well,
clarify Well, the type of person I am, who is just
starting there, for example, chat roulette, yes. Well,
there is such a young blogger. Yes, I am a young
blogger of a
young blogger by age. He is 20
years old or how many  come on and
I'll tell you about the time of management, for example, a
new blogger on my own, well, let's go on, he
's young, he's the type, who's 20-25,
well
done  and here he was just
telling stories and there was no one except that grandfather
Panas or Piggy and Stepashka on
television telling fairy tales there, the
Internet where it is possible and you could be a
complete [ __ ] but  they watch you because
in short there is no other YouTube very cool competitive environment yes That is, you
can take it and broadcast it if
no one needs you, no one is interested, then
watch it and that's all and they don't watch it
and you have two views three views
if you give something sensible  the audience
looks at you this way and that's why the more people will
appear, the better Why Because
this increases internal competition
That is, you are the same When you, for example,
sell pies of some kind and you have one
stall in the bazaar, everyone buys from you even
if you have bad ones  pies, yes, if
there are 4 stalls, is there coffee, for example, yes, if
it’s bitter here, they don’t go here, they go there,
there’s good coffee, and that’s all here, and damn it, what
’s wrong with me?
and it's very cool.
Because we shouldn't have something like that. You
know, yes, there is this blogger who's there, he
's there, I'm already there, grandfather, I
'm 8 years old.
yes,
competition is there, a new one has appeared, if the
grandfather does not pull everything out, yes, the audience, the
politics, the audience, you can't hold back. Yes,
you can't say yes. Dude, you subscribed to me.
And now you have to watch me until death.
a very important resource and
attention, so it turns out that if a person
voluntarily gives you his attention, it
means that you are giving him something valuable, if he
does not receive something valuable, he is not interested in something, he
moves on to something else, absolutely true, yes,
and that is why it is very cool, and I think that
we should have a very  there are many different bloggers there, there
are those who communicate there, in
fact, there are those who are simply there, there are there, they
insult Muscovites, they beat them, so this is
also necessary, because someone wants
to listen, for example, a style like
mine, where I break down the facts, yes, and
someone wants  in order to just sit down, he
needs to take his soul away, he wants to see
someone stupidly fooling around there in Moscow, and this is
also necessary, that is, because we
have a lot of different bloggers, so  women
find their own, each audience
finds their own, some find
intellectual conversations, some find humor, some
find matyuks. Yes, it is very, very
correct, so who is still hesitating.
Yes, be young. As Yulia says,
become a blogger.
If you don't have an audience, you'll start to form an audience if you don't have one. Convey something like that. That's
right, YouTube is a virus. It shows you.
Neighbors can say you're shorter,
super money. Yes, there's mom and everyone
will say shorter. Well, you go to YouTube and
people don't rate it, but on the contrary, people
neighbors there can  or something What are you looking for, what
do you need an audience of an audience,
so the audience likes you, that's the
best measure, so
how many subscribers do you have now? By the way,
26,700 26, my student girl can already have 110,
now at 10. I'm waiting, that is,
right now.  when is
there, I want to catch the moment when there will be six
units, so 111,000 11 you
see, I have
26,731,1064 in 3.6 subscribers  110,000
So it will be like that 27 And by the way, you had the
most increase in a day,
probably 3-4 thousand. Yes, I also had
such a jump once in April or May.
there are some in the recommendations, I
threw a video and because of that there was such an
increase, then I had a conversation with
Mr. Vitaliy, but it was a lot. Then somewhere in the
yeast, it’s thousands, and yes, if the brothers
visit, then 3-4 thousand. Well, then I have a
video of 300  I got 000 views,
but I'm not, well, I'm lucky, because somehow
YouTube
rarely gives me
recommendations, it's nothing anymore, but somehow it is. Well,
in general, I think it's not bad. 27,000 in 3
months, I remember that when I started, well, for
me there  there were some 50,000 20, too, there were
some space guys, these seemed like damn
10,000. It’s cool, it’s shorter, and now
you’re a hundred. You’re like that. Well,
you want a hundred shorter. You already know it, just like
money when a person
earned.
them Offiget t  ok, and
then you get used to this level and you
miss it. So you go, you go further
like this, and then we
do it.  all the questions, I
will be here a little bit too, well, I didn’t just close the
question about bloggers, the
last moment Well, first of all,
I wanted to hear your opinion, what do you
think there will be new bloggers and whether there
should be more, and here I have just
such a question. How about you  do you relate to the fact
that some bloggers are Ukrainian? They do not recognize,
well, I call young people, you call new
bloggers, and
they are not very
positive about the fact that
more and more of them are appearing, like,
did I understand correctly, that they
are nervous that there is competition?
Well, they are nervous, they do not contact
if they meet you somewhere during a
conversation, they talk to you like
in superficial Ukrainian. Do you understand
yes? What do I have excessively or they talk
like you are nobody here And I am here even
after  conspiracies, I tell my followers
that this person, for example,
screwed these subscribers
.
she doesn't want, for example, to be there with you or with
me. That's her right, well, absolutely yes.
That is, this is her blog, her subscribers have an audience,
yes, that is, if
this person's audience is interested. Well, that's
all. He works for his audience,
for example. That is, we can't hear
there  you don't want to talk with us there.
Well, you don't want to and you don't want to, that's his right,
so let him keep it short in general. He
doesn't even communicate with anyone, only with subscribers.
It wasn't. It's not like, for example, you built a
kiosk there or a store there. On the central
street, and there is no place to put another store here
. Yes, because the place is empty  wife and
YouTube Everything will appear tomorrow, a new
boy, a girl, a new channel will be
made, and after a couple of months they will
still be in the charts. Yes, if they
fall into the expected audience.
They weren't subscribed to me for six months.
But now they subscribed. Why is that?
Because somehow I fell short of
their expectations, somewhere they like,
for example, the way I conduct conversations, so people
get something for themselves, and no matter what
someone says, for example  and he got
followers for himself, well, a person doesn’t
come to me because of the fact that
I have followers or not,
he comes because Oh damn,
this is interesting, yes, that is, if I had,
for example, a conditionally recruited 10
billion followers, yes, I would  I was
giving some [ __ ], they wouldn't watch me. I
don't watch, for example, people who have
millions of subscribers, which I'm not
interested
in, I just need to subscribe to a
channel with a million subscribers  Yes, absolutely
not. Well, it’s the same, for example, with the same
Zolkin, yes, and I’m not subscribed to
it. I don’t have time to watch it, but they send me,
for example,
some familiar, interesting samples. I watch
then the date. Oh yes, the situation with
this guy is cool. Oh, that is, it’s absolutely normal.
that is, if a person thinks that what we
say to him is interesting, he watches it,
he gives a part of his life to it,
these are all topics, but to be afraid of competition
means death, yes, that is, in business, if
you are afraid of competition, that means that
you will rot, why, because competitors
will continue to develop, yes  it is impossible
now, there is no one like you, everything is straight to the
point and everything and no one will get out, the world is
so dynamic, and YouTube is
in general
.  they appear and fade away So
it's
either develop or die It's clear here,
God, yes, the time is running out, it's already time
10, you and I are talking to me, it's like
10 minutes, my honest word because  sometimes in
roulette, too, I communicate like that, you communicate with a
person, you watch the start-up, and the Christmas trees
have been talking for an hour less than
4 hours, six.
if not, that's
fine. Then, finally, you have two
wishes for the audience, and I wish for the
audience, first of all, I want to wish all our
Ukrainians.
in spirit and everything will be Ukraine, we will
definitely win to take care of each
other, take care of your loved ones, this is the
most important thing, I think for
today, if you choose in general, yes
people, then we do not know this best
love, fall in love
But before that, the cliff But not with Muscovites
And this me  that's what I want, yes, to all the viewers,
subscribers, subscribers, and so on,
tell
us that we all need to switch from the mode of
mere contemplation, it's very cool, what are you watching
there are, for example, Ukrainian
bloggers. Yes, I believe that we need to move to active actions little by little. The
least
active action you can take is to
help the
spread of this information.
there is Saint Javelina or
someone else, so do you think that these
people have the right meanings, help
spread information about these channels
there at work, tell people there is
such a channel, take a look at it, you might
like it, yes,
one will like it, subscribe, yes, it will
watch, it will postpone the information,
if you try  share Because the
larger the audience becomes, the
more people YouTube shows the video.
For example, if the same subscribers, yes,
if, conditionally, I always say
that you have 100,000 subscribers,
yes, YouTube shows There are 200,000 people
conditionally recommend the video yes  If you have
10,000 followers, it is 2  7,000 Why do I
recommend this to people, that's why every new
subscriber contributes, because someone
new will be shown videos, so
please make every
effort to help promote those
Ukrainian bloggers who fall under
your, let's say, ideas of justice,
ideas of
truth, ideas of
communication, yes, that is,
no  only here we are, there are a lot of people here, and you
all look at some uh people who you
think are right, they
bring the light, they bring the truth, so
help spread this Truth,
that's it. Glory to Ukraine,
glory to the heroes